Spam emails have caused several different problems for their recipients and the organizations associated with them. These unsolicited emails can lead to vulnerabilities to scams, issues with memory capacity management, and other computer parameters.

Some of the most commonly used techniques for classifying and identifying these spam emails are Decision Trees (DT), probabilistic techniques, Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Artificial Neural Networks (ANN). All these techniques primarily aim to utilize methods that highlight different features to facilitate the identification of spam emails, such as the frequent use of certain words in spam emails. Depending on the frequency with which these features appear, we may determine probabilities for each feature present in the email and then compare these results to predefined threshold values. If the threshold value is exceeded, the email is classified as spam.

In this paper, we compare the performance of some of the most widely used Machine Learning algorithms for identifying spam emails. This study was carried out using the WEKA (Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis) software. After the analyses and executions performed, we find that the Naïve Bayes algorithm requires much less time to solve the problem. 
However, in terms of the Correctly Classified Instances indicator, the Support Vector Machine algorithm achieves the highest result. From this, we conclude that there is no single Machine Learning classification algorithm that provides the best spam email classification model. In future studies, it is suggested to develop new algorithms and consider a larger database to reduce the margin of error in the conclusions.
